Updated the document (#4687)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/deployment/update/windows-analytics-FAQ-troubleshooting.md

### Devices not appearing in Upgrade Readiness

In Log Analytics, go to **Solutions** and verify that you are subscribed to the Windows Analytics solutions you intend to use.

Even though devices can take 2-3 days after enrollment to show up due to latency in the system, you can now verify the status of your devices within a few hours of running the deployment script as described in [You can now check on the status of your computers within hours of running the deployment script](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Windows-Analytics-Blog/You-can-now-check-on-the-status-of-your-computers-within-hours/ba-p/187213) on the Tech Community Blog.

>[!NOTE]

> > If you generate the status report and get an error message saying "Sorry! We’re not recognizing your Commercial Id, See [Enrolling devices in Windows Analytics.](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/deployment/update/windows-analytics-get-started) 

Reviewer: Cosmetic detail: it is normal to put any punctuation mark (period, colon or comma) on the outside of link texts, especially if the punctuation ends a sentence or a sentence clause.
```suggestion
> If you generate the status report and get an error message saying "Sorry! We’re not recognizing your Commercial Id, See [Enrolling devices in Windows Analytics](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/deployment/update/windows-analytics-get-started).
```

If you want to stop using Upgrade Readiness and stop sending diagnostic data to Microsoft, follow these steps:

> 1. Delete the Upgrade Readiness Solution in Log Analytics Workspace. In Log Analytics Workspace go to, **Solutions > Compatibility Assessment > Delete**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Delete the Upgrade Readiness solution in Log Analytics workspace. In Log Analytics workspace. select **Solutions** > **Compatibility Assessment** > **Delete**.
```
